[DTM] Product name isn't getting substituted in help content (#1132)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/dtm/dtm-introduction.md

helpcontent:
- label: dtm-introduction
  title: Digital twin manager

>   content: "The DTM application allows you to create and manage assets around your physical connected devices in Cumulocity IoT through the digital representation of a physical hierarchy of assets and devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  content: "The DTM application allows you to create and manage assets around your physical connected devices in {{< product-c8y-iot >}} through the digital representation of a physical hierarchy of assets and devices.
```

Reviewer: @lra-sag Please keep the admonitions.

Author: @MWindel, with the admonitions, contextual help content in DTM applications looks like this. Is there a way to fix it?
![image](https://github.com/SoftwareAG/c8y-docs/assets/104440299/54dbb9c1-0c3c-4895-8337-f1997f55cf69)
